LO: Compare uses the loadout selected in the loadout page. (#7543)
DestinyItemManager/DIM: docs/CHANGELOG.md

* Selecting toggleable subclass abilities like jumps and grenades now works more smoothly.
* Loadout notes now retain whitespace formatting.
* Added new filter "is:stackfull" to show items that are at max stack size.

> * The Loadout Optimizer will now initially select the loadout which was optimized from the loadout page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When re-Optimizing a loadout, the Loadout Optimizer's Compare button will now initially select the original loadout from the loadout page.
```
